code/Code.md, before:

# Code supporting paper 

"Preposition Feature Analysis Using Correspondence Analysis""

References
----------

- [1] The working paper, currently updated: https://www.overleaf.com/read/vzrkqvpdhxpc

Files
-----

Most of the code files use R. The code in each can be executed if you use RStudio. In addition, these *.Rmd files were "knit" via RStudio, creating HTML files that show the output of the executions.

- PDEP-CA-01.Rmd: Cross-Tabulation of PDEP Features (Section 2) - Showing how an initial contingency is generated, characterizing how to interpret the major parts of correspondence analysis. (https://www.clres.com/ca/pdepca01.html)
- PDEP-CA-01a.Rmd: Demo for correspondence analysis, using the same data as in the previous code, following an online description that provides a comprehensive example. (https://www.clres.com/ca/pdepca01a.html)
- PDEP-CA-02.Rmd: Instance Analysis (Section 3) - Showing how individual corpus instances (sentences) can be examined with the techniques of Multiple Correspondence Analysis (MCA). (https://www.clres.com/ca/pdepca02.html)
- PDEP-CA-03.Rmd: Dictionary Analysis (Section 4) - Performing a correspondence analysis for a dictionary corpus and then using that as an anchor contingency table to be studied against two comparison corpora identifying where senses are located in a factor map. (https://www.clres.com/ca/pdepca03.html)

Commit message:

Adding the code for Section 5

code/Code.md, after:

# Code supporting paper 

"Preposition Feature Analysis Using Correspondence Analysis""

References
----------

- [1] The working paper, currently updated: https://www.overleaf.com/read/vzrkqvpdhxpc

Files
-----

Most of the code files use R. The code in each can be executed if you use RStudio. In addition, these *.Rmd files were "knit" via RStudio, creating HTML files that show the output of the executions. In each code file, further details refer to the sections in the above working paper.

- PDEP-CA-01.Rmd: Cross-Tabulation of PDEP Features (Section 2) - Showing how an initial contingency is generated, characterizing how to interpret the major parts of correspondence analysis. (https://www.clres.com/ca/pdepca01.html)
- PDEP-CA-01a.Rmd: Demo for correspondence analysis, using the same data as in the previous code, following an online description that provides a comprehensive example. (https://www.clres.com/ca/pdepca01a.html)
- PDEP-CA-02.Rmd: Instance Analysis (Section 3) - Showing how individual corpus instances (sentences) can be examined with the techniques of Multiple Correspondence Analysis (MCA). (https://www.clres.com/ca/pdepca02.html)
- PDEP-CA-03.Rmd: Dictionary Analysis (Section 4) - Performing a correspondence analysis for a dictionary corpus and then using that as an anchor contingency table to be studied against two comparison corpora identifying where senses are located in a factor map. (https://www.clres.com/ca/pdepca03.html)
- PDEP-CA-04.Rmd: Feature Selection (Section 5) - Identifying significant features based on chi-square analysis with the greatest differences from the expected occurrences. (https://www.clres.com/ca/pdepca04.html)
